is this a bag of
apples is that a sword
sick the gunk level is actually not that
bad we asked everyone on our team to
submit their setups and now we're going
to judge them like last time we won't
know which staff member it belongs to
until after we give them a score out of
100 so things are probably going to get
a little hairy but I mean we're not
entirely heartless whoever gets the
lowest score is going to get free lunch
which we're going to pay for with money
from our sponsor who I'll tell you about
after we do a couple of setups roast
number one let's
go oh my God I don't know what's worse
the fact that that HP monitor contains
so many bloody stickers on its bezel or
the fact that they didn't take them off
them not taking off is clearly worse
also this monitor is ancient compared to
everything else that they have this
monitor has elegant function it why are
you being such a monitor shamer if it's
an old monitor that's fine my problem is
that the the rest of the stuff doesn't
look old they probably spent six times
the amount on their keyboard than they
did on their monitor I don't know this
stain on their LTT desk pad looks pretty
old or fresh oh when I see a GPU that
looks like this and I see a mouse that
looks like that I see somebody who has
their priori a little who would be
psychotic enough to do this you can
replace this with a 1080p monitor which
is even going to be resolution upgrade
for $75 or on Facebook Marketplace 20 I
would I would buy a used one literally
$20 yeah wait we have to rate them no we
have to rate them first50 so we get a
total score to 100 all righty we're
going to reveal in three two 1 I give it
a 35 wow really no you are
ruthless monitor zero you don't get any
points for that you might as well not
have one thought I'm supposed to be the
mean one this is Nolan Nolan Nolan his
apartment flooded so this is his
I'll buy you a $20 monitor off
Craigslist roast victim number two nice
well this is obviously Nicole I'm just
going to give it a good rating because I
love Nicole wait a second are those
headphones I was going to well there's
also ones hanging from the thing but you
wouldn't use these when you have these
would you though also have a lot of
crust On Your Side Glass real estate
trading Services is there a foot rest I
actually kind of love that that's kind
of that's kind of that's a 10 on my vibe
right there immediately I I really like
10 Vibe really cool wrist rest cool
keyboard really cool keyboard um why
would you take a picture of your nail
clipper and is that one of those ear
cleaners wait a second what's going on
this is a new place no this can't be
Nicole anymore the individual updated
their setup between first submission and
second submission but this is the same
person I I saw the Penguin and I was
like Nicole now I don't know what to
think let's get some scores in well I
think we should rate the current set up
all right 3 2 1 44 47 dang nice setup
it's really good uh it's Curtis from HR
ah okay that checks out the only reason
why I rated balance down slightly was
cuz the mouse pad that's true it's a
good value like our sponsor Ridge make
those around you Green With Envy thanks
to rid's Voodoo green wallets and key
cases they're Sleek durable and of
course Very green grab them at the link
in the video description
I
like a lot of people going with the one
vertical one horizontal monitor setup
that's a nice setup what is to the right
of his computer that's like as big as
his computer Xbox really Luke you're so
toxic PC Master race you don't even know
what an Xbox looks like at least
Playstation still looks like mildly
unique dude that is a hot take what is
with the hot that is a hot take to be
fair all the all the stuff that this
person did looks really good I mean you
never know when you're going to need
gaming keyboard better ergonomics even
bashing it clearly this photo is staged
though and they still couldn't be ours
to Cable manage I feel like this could
be a designer setup yeah but then they
also have one of the more rare mouse
pads and they're set up as quite
aesthetic that's the LTX mouse pad it's
not rare yeah but you can't just like
buy it all the time you just take it oh
yeah 46 at like 47 a it's pretty high
this is chewy our social media manager
nice that checks out nice all righty
roast victim number four Wicked cushions
this is neat yeah the keyboard's your
temp is zero so you haven't configured
anything wait go back to it for a sec
okay the date's right are you really
going to give them Vibe points for
having the date correct on their
computer I mean you can't even browse
the web properly if the date's not right
on your computer I like the case whoa
just the wheels some Wheels hey you know
what though you got to store them
somewhere you're supposed to store them
inside it's actually kind of a vibe to
have them right next to the computer I
kind of like is this
plof okay I don't look at me I'm not
saying anything keep guessing no there's
no way why because plof has Aesthetics
well no he doesn't but he has more he
has more junk this looks really nice
this is where the car goes yeah how is
everything out of your mouth even the
nice things just brutal desk was
featured in do you need gaming Hardware
I bought it off the company the first
month I worked here they said it was
okay because they weren't going to send
me back to onario oh cuz he would have
been on probation so not eligible
usually for a staff discount yet all
right let's rate it all right three 2 1
40 46 dang I was going to go higher but
then I wanted to troll Jamie there you
go you got it Jamie from
Logistics all righty next person wow I
like it
got the monitor arm got the cable
management the banana looking wrist rest
is like actually kind of cool 3D printed
headphone holder no headphones to be
seen
but man or lady of
culture and that's the correct era too
are these CPU boxes a stand for your
Tower everything else about this is so
classy what the fudge I kind of like it
oh you would I kind of like it you need
all these computers for
yeah I like it yeah sick all righty 3 2
1 44 46 nice setup yes I took points off
for those boxes they suck I put points
on for those boxes they're awesome but
your Vibe is going to be pretty high as
long as you've got floppy disc coasters
I think this is Jesse this is Nick
Harris from the labs yeah that makes
sense dang it all right next victim why
is the only thing I can see this MacBook
charger on the
floor we've seen surprisingly few cringe
anime waifus so far I knew it wouldn't
last forever though cable managed I like
to see management looks fantastic Cable
Management Box you left the sticker on
your subwoofer please take the sticker
off um okay I mean that's where boxes go
even more oh
God so cute I thought it was like like
could plush it first very cute okay I
thought you were going to say I thought
it was Taxidermy
no fired the graphics card was given to
be my lus when he gamed against people
for graphics cards and he beat me so
hard he gave me another try this was at
the verified actual gamer live event
just based on the graphics card that I
apparently gave them oo is that a hint
no this person must I don't remember
this well this person must not have been
an employee at that time question mark
could you compete against you as an
employee I don't think so I don't think
so either I just don't remember this
rating time yeah let's give a rating
three 2 1 40 48 40 48 did you see them
what you give them a five for Value look
how much they spent on anime figurines
that they could have spent on their
computer this is James Lynn our new test
technician
oh roast victim number eight o they got
the water cooled macro I forget who
bought it or won it at the Christmas
party um that a gaming controller next
to a Mac I have so many questions yeah
let's go to
the Mac gaming I like it actually I
think I can be fired for saying this but
I love their mous looks really good I
kind of like that they matched the vibe
of it being in the kitchen with the like
kitchen style stool thing no your chair
needs Wheels a computer chair should
have wheels Cameron none no one needs to
see me in my messy
apartment okay cool what rate
this 3 2 1 41 46 this is Tatiana from
CRE a warehouse oh that checks out
you're going to lose some value points
for gaming on a Mac though however wa
you rated higher than a 10 however I
gave a 12 for the tower it's a water
cooled Mac Studio that's the coolest
thing ever all right next victim is that
a shower no no no that's a window
curtain I thought it was a shower
curtain tin of cookies just like
I mean this looks like it's supposed to
be for a racing setup or something but
no wheel to be found no no it's not for
a racing setup heavy curtains to ensure
that no light gets through VI out hard
while chilling on the couch setup that's
what it's for case the cheapest thing
Canada Computers had on hand ntg2
shotgun mic that's what I'm talking
about you see that interface too with
camera nope so you're just a serious
business gamer with a shotgun mic and
the world's nastiest carpet like I can
see the I can see the chunks of things
on it from here all right three two one
reveal 23
32 Vibe
one peripherals 10 what vibe
10 this is Jordan our
writer dang it Jord I gave it a 10 Vibe
not because I like the vibe but because
it has very strong
Vibe I can't give 10 vibe to anything
that has this layout for the desktop
icon we're going to have some extras
over on lm. g/f flat plane yeah oh the
fact that it's ploof on the desktop
wallpaper just means they haven't
changed the default wallpaper that
Logistics puts on everything this is a
Jamie Pilkey
initiative yeah 7 tabt is this a flex
don't have much files to store on it LOL
I kept watching the uh what how he
blames me and then immediately says he
doesn't blame me well I got I got to
fight first
um I breathed in cuz I was going to do a
take all righty victim 10 okay the
Disney wallpaper yeah with the stuff on
the door wow you are clearly still in
your childhood room the headphones are
hung up with the not liking the
headphones here that's going to Dent
your headband yeah also this is not
enough mousing area what is this doing
here what is what is that looks like
Paddington Bear or something something
that had a volume
knob all right I somehow moved into my
partner's childhood bedroom yeah all
righty 3 2 1 30 38 dang this is young
one of our newer editors lame Vibe
young although it is a young Vibe you
know
what they they they win as hard as they
possibly could with the monitors which I
respect you can't just grade People
based on how many monitors they have no
I'm just there's more to life than
having a bunch of monitors Luke yeah and
they're clearly like making it work good
value though clearly don't waste money
yeah Traxis and RC nerd got the project
Matt over there really like the
inclusion of right next to the computer
this is my vibe right here great 10 Vibe
so this is right beside it cuz you can
see oh so it's a turn left which I like
even more ooh getting stuff done
I agree see this is how you can keep
some boxes but have it be tasteful and
classy okay stash it you know is that a
cushy foot rest I like it computer build
wise it makes almost no sense
bottlenecks everywhere no no that's okay
yeah your CPU could be a little bit more
powerful and you'd get a bit more out of
that RTX 3090 but it's not that bad 3600
ddr4 what are you even talking about
don't beat yourself up so much you're
going to lose a point on your Tower
you're going down to n for not knowing
that it's a perfectly good Tower it was
built in a scrapyard Wars type fashion
where whatever was cheaper on sale I
bought nice I'm giving them the point
back no I feel like last time my whole
thing was people had really bad mous
pads and now my whole thing is people
only have one monitor can you stop
shaming people you know some of us can
only look in One Direction at a time
it's not about that reveal in 3 2 1 45
46 I love this setup very good this is
Justin nice fabricator for the writing
team really good setup yep and I hadn't
even noticed link up here just
overseeing and making sure that
everything's going cool I didn't notice
either love it all righty next person
the cup holder that perfectly fits the
LTD water bottle is kind of sick the
mouse pad yeah that mouse pad needs some
help you could have spent some of the
money you spent on a Mac on having a
decent mous pad got him what is this why
is your speaker pointing over there I
respect the Box monitor stand though I
respect it yeah especially especially
when you didn't have the budget for
something better because you spent it
all on airpods Pros is that smoke
detector I don't know does it hurt
holding on to a dying IP like this it
does I know I'm not even holding on and
it still hurts I know so you can tell
they haven't given up yeah it's modern
stuff y current ERA stuff well some old
stuff this is so sad it's got the whole
vibe just changed yeah that took a lot
the excitement out of this for me these
are super cool though yeah or at least
they would have been when Star Wars was
cool yeah kind of a cool place to hang
out yeah actually got the AC love it
they put the good Mouse chair Sor and
and yeah yeah wait what better mouse
pads yeah why are your better mouse pads
over there where there's no computer are
you operating your air conditioner 3 2 1
40 live two yeah the Star Wars morning
really killed it for me that's fair all
righty this is Liam from the float plane
team yeah oh that makes sense
who this is a sick setup this is awesome
underes desk mounted Tera managing to
have you know some clutter but keep it
super super tasteful you got some Mario
some Lewis Hamilton you got your freakin
speaker down
there Vibe
Three
Holy no I cannot I was so into it until
we got to anything to do with audio if
my ears were in my crotch then this is a
great setup also leather mouse pad value
for 3 2 1 35 46 and I'm pretty sure this
is Maria correct overall I think that
one's really nice I just yeah find a
better your ears are up here yeah all
right next
victim Bas is this a B of
apples going from Maria's setup to this
cup of urine on the table do get over
it is that a CERN Cup oh man you're
going to need you're going to need some
string Luke here's some string and lip
Bal Vibe
10 I love this this is sick is that a
huge bottle of isopropyl I think so this
can't be that old Luke the bread
plushies from this year yeah whatever
it's sick everything thing about this is
awesome juice get over don't bother
putting this in your case I mean you'd
hate to keep track of them doesn't need
them to charge right now it's fine you
take it a full level past the box of
Kleenex and you go straight for Fast
Orange hand cleaner you re man I mean
why contain the mess when you can clean
the mess you know what vibe 11 is that a
sword
sick oh my god well we found the we
found the
I think there's some
de I think it might be tinan it's almost
certainly someone from the Creator
Warehouse team and seeing that exercise
ball as the chair he's very the first
aid kit too um he's like Safety First
Aid guy it's like obnoxiously Safety
First Aid he wanted baby gates after I
fell down the
stairs I'm just going to say I like the
exercise ball CH I'm giving him a nine
ready I give it a 43 it should have been
a 49 but it got a 50 cuz I gave the vibe
11 that's kind of cheating but it is
tinan next victim what green zip ties
classy power button equally class um wow
it's weird because it's almost like you
broke into someone's house who had a
really cool Vibe stole a few of their
cool things and then brought it to your
weird like mation
cave it's almost like a gradient and
then you get to all the like cans and
it's like right why is the middle
monitor tilted so far down oh yeah look
at that do I recognize the mouse pad as
being a particular person's that may or
may not be here right now I didn't think
this is what their setup looked like I'm
not confirming anything bro well no I
mean I know he has a stupid frame case
that's him too he has a stup he has a
stupid super stupid is a really stupid
frame case it takes up so much space it
lands what's really interesting too is
you can really how bad the cable
management is everywhere because you can
see right through the stupid frame facee
there's not nearly enough pathetic simp
here though so I'm not sure that
this is Elijah yet but it has that
garbage keyboard with that wrist rest oh
a beline wrist rest yeah this is almost
certainly Elijah why are two of them the
same you had opportunities make custom
screwdrivers you made two that are the
same except where did you get a Black
Shaft it was in a bin
you know he's the next AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade right well he needs it I don't
even know if I want to go in this house
found more
simple that's just the same keyboard
case yeah but the thing is like why are
you proud of it it looks good on a shelf
oh my God you know this this is more
than the average American has in their
bank account this is probably more than
Elijah has in his bank account because
he put it all here I will not confirm
that why is your middle monitor pointed
down well the mount is not strong enough
for the weight of the monitor monor also
why' you buy a curved monitor I didn't
where'd you get it Christmas party my
old
job okay let's get to work sounds like
I'm getting lunch
Bo oh yeah we can't rate him too low cuz
then he gets rewarded for it I've
already decided he's trying to win a
free lunch all right 3 two 1 reveal I
don't want him to get anything yeah all
right I gave him a 30 for balance just
so that I'd be able to give him a high
score so he won't so he won't lose
all my other ratings are
real I love that we coordinated on
that dang it I had already given them
all tens before anybody said anything
and I didn't see it so well thank you at
least I can say I have the highest score
now really high rating on that one
beloved headphones.
PNG they've been loved my main desktop
is so messy you don't want to see
that you know what I love this art wall
though this is so authentic 10 for
Vibes given how clearly old this is the
gunk level is actually not that bad
given given how old it is because so to
be able to wear all the way through that
like how do you wear through the entire
side of your mouse that's really
impressive it honestly probably gives
them a really good grip though cuz their
thumbs going to like slot into position
it probably feels
great if this mouse dies they're
probably going to be very sad I remember
this chair yeah the Costco Delux yeah
it's a piece of crap y my chair is
peeling my headphone pads are falling
apart and my thumb has destroyed my
mouse and I'm running out of storage
space please send help I agree I'm
taking off some points for that crappy
chair I got suckered into the same one
so I'm just mad still that's you didn't
do anything wrong 3 two 1 go 41 47 yeah
yeah nice setup this is Hannah the
editor oh nice relatively new just off
probation I hope your mouse Never Dies
welcome Hannah she seems to not be that
stoked on the mouse I think you like the
mouse more than she does maybe Luke
would buy it from you no cuz it's not
the same my my thumb is not going to go
in the exact same spot and it would have
to be the exact same spot for it to be
good
ooh with the Evangelion case with the
matching water bottle okay Vibes are
maxed you didn't even talk about the CRT
yet oh it's sick I don't know that it's
it looks actually like it might actually
be legit any tips you're asking for Tech
tips this that's not what the notes are
for Less jarring 3 2 1 reveal 34 49 wow
quite different on this one yeah I
really like it that computer stolen from
work he gets a zero you know who it is I
know who this is this is Sam Sam the
editor yeah we just filmed an AMD at his
house last week sure did zero for
stealing that computer no and all
seriousness he wanted at the Christmas
part he wanted at the Christmas party
super nice computer hold on let me fix
this that's the equivalent fix this for
you 44
44 bin
laddin what
Laden okay this person wants the free
lunch a lot of action here got a Xbox
bodypiercing
spray that's a weird thing to have on
hand is that a
Dreamcast
yeah all right you might be slightly oh
my God no I know who this is
there's no way that this isn't
Tanner oh my God why is it why are there
so many
P I don't even think this is Tanner
anymore is that no that's one of the LTT
Bean oh no hold
on wait no cuz Alex D's place is nice
now I'm so confused now that is a Dusty
V how many pictures do you need who are
you base Star Fox it's almost too tidy
to be Tanner though all right I think
I've seen enough really you're not going
to take the wrap off of that CPU
block all righty that's higher than I
intended 3 reveal 30
42 I don't really Vibe with it and the
value is not good you've spent too much
on Wii games you said you think you know
who it is who is it yeah this is Emily
yeah there you go I know because I
painstakingly assembled that piece of
correct in her Intel extreme Tech
upgrade I give I give this a Vibe of 12
um and a balance of 10 it is very
balanced the the expense paid for retro
games is very balanced across the entire
room cable tie.
jpeg okay I can see why it was included
that is the world's cutest cable tie
that is a very cool cable tie that's a
really long headphone holder do your
headphones hang low do they wagle to and
fro what is the point of
that ninja printed Luke's favorite
you've you just got a 10 for your
peripheral he hasn't seen anything else
yet I don't know you might end up with a
six for having only one monitor maybe
seven actually that's my standard score
looks pretty great I like that mouse pad
yeah Sarah did a good job on that one
it's limited edition no by and large our
staff have pretty nice setups
other than Elijah what the heck all
right 47 40 I like it I took some points
off for that chair this is Natalie from
creater Warehouse oh yeah okay yeah I'm
not I'm not raing the chairs so much cuz
I find chairs are
so specific yeah it looks like an
off-brand DX racer which is already not
a good racing chair yeah no offense
Natalie if you stole it from work then
at least I could have boosted your value
Mark 117 117 117 it's so might like Halo
not sure yeah I got a couple what are
those Funko Pops or whatever like Master
Chef this is under this is under your
desk this is where you display the
world's most useless place to put those
yeah I they're already useless if you're
not going to put them on display good
Cable Management though you did not pay
extra for a my hero Academia value down
you took too many pictures I'm taking
off a point for that all eight lucky
setup love it 43 this is Mitchell good
stuff customer service from customer
service
oh that's pretty awesome okay paper on
top of your computer yuck mouse pad
hanging off the edge equally big
yikes at least it's hanging um the same
on both
sides yeah that's cool though super cool
I'm not 100% sure what's going on there
UPS though UPS very nice I respect it I
respect the uninterruptible power
supply there's a lot of cables but they
did do some work to make them not
horrible this is not how ring lights
work ring lights have to be close to you
they put in the effort yeah they stole a
lot of extra large cable Arches from
work this individual bought them they
bought them yes and couldn't figure out
the Key Bar holder struggled with it for
two hours the only person I can think of
who's this dedicated to sticker bombing
things is plof isn't that literally how
he sticker bombed his cooler though I
don't I remember that now this is a very
different setup I think yeah did he move
where's all the oh wait no he has gotten
into figures hasn't he oh my God does
this guy really need more
Hobbies oh yeah hold
on
outed freaking outed
3 2 1 36 I didn't write a total but a
lot great Vibe zero value I think you
waste more money than Elijah which is
truly
remarkable I gave him extra points for
the monitors just cuz I thought that
would make him happy no other real
reason to be completely honest and also
um gave him 12 for the vibe cuz I I
really like the the couple setup and how
they're kind of meshed together is
really cool and he's got a UPS cuz he's
trying to be smart and just like there
was a lot of things that contributed to
good vibe all right well well that means
our winner of free lunch with the lowest
score of 54 is Nolan enjoy your lunch
Nolan very first one we reviewed and
enjoy this segue I'll try to get you a
new monitor to our sponsor rocket money
as every day goes by it seems like a new
product pivots to becoming a service
instead and sometimes those free trials
go on a little longer than you want them
to maybe even to the point where they
aren't free anymore just how many of
these monthly subscriptions are you
actually using rocket money makes it
easy to cut loose all those forgotten or
unwanted subscriptions in a couple of
clicks you'll be back to being in
control of your monthly spending they'll
even help you negotiate better rates on
things like your phone and your internet
bill and with the money you save you can
make the most of your summer so go to
Rocket
money.com or click the link in the
description to get started for free or
unlock even more features with their
premium membership hey I won I got the
highest score no you didn't yeah that's
not
winning if you guys enjoyed this video
maybe go check out the last time we did
this I can't believe how many these are
so different we've hired like 40 people
since really